# Choice-coin-research

Choice Coin is an open source digital asset, which is used to solve the decentralized governance problem. The decentralized governance problem refers to the complex process by which assets are allocated across decentralized networks. In other words, the decentralized governance problem refers to the lack of a system to facilitate autonomous decision making in a distributed manner using digital assets. Choice Coin solves the decentralized governance problem by providing a mechanism for secure voting using post-quantum cryptography. A voting token for autonomous organizations, Choice Coin is built on the Algorand blockchain as an Algorand Standard Asset.
The goal for the Choice Coin Community is to support the Algorand Community in growing an open, collaborative, and borderless blockchain. Thus, the Choice Coin Network is intrinsically designed to draw new members and retain existing members on the Algorand Network through an optimized participation structure. There are three main methods for participation in the Choice Coin ecosystem. The three main participation options are democratic involvement incentives, charitable contributions, and open innovation. Additionally, Choice Coin’s inclusive strategy may be amended to include more participation options over time and is focused toward creating new value on the Algorand Network.
Choice isan Algogrand Standard Asset built for governance, voting, and decentralized democracy.
Algorand Smart Contracts and the Algorand Network, including software systems and algorithmic architectures. Second, this article discusses various software mechanisms enabling developers to execute transfers on the Algorand Network. Third, this Paper advances Algorand Smart Contracts by introducing the Algogeneous Smart Contract. Algogeneous Smart Contracts are a new type of Algorand Smart Contract, which are simpler to develop and utilize artificial intelligence to ensure contracts are legally compliant and enforceable.
